Chief, is this dress okay for me?
Very good.
This is not to blame.
You see, our emperor and his majesty can't help acting.
It's very similar.
At first glance, even we can't tell what's fake.
But Han Trung is not the Queen of China.
What do you think?
This outfit
Still hard.
Just be satisfied.
You don't know.
It took me a lot of effort to trade this attack ship.
Ready to get started.
Come on, let's get to work.
Hey, who's this?
Director Chen, our film crew will not be so poor.
Even a nice hostess can't invite you.
Once dressed, this little sparrow can soar up a tree's branches and become a phoenix.
That's funny.
You are not welcome here.
Please don't interfere with our normal furniture.
Oh, who am I?
It's the neighbor's house.
Last time I didn't eat enough.
Come to me to eat today.
Girl movies you